.. _release-summary-0.0:

==========================
Inyoka 0.0 release summary
==========================

Inyoka DEV release summary
==========================

* Use `sphinx.ext.extlinks` to link to tickets (``:ticket:`123``` => ``Ticket
  #123``) and pull requests (``:pr:`123``` => ``PR #123``)
* Fix countdown deactivation. The storage can only handle strings
* Upgrade celery dependencies
* Adjust topic.author related_name
* Use JPG file instead of uncompressed png for mobile header. 65k -> 27k
* ikhaya -> inyoka, thanks Markus for the hint
* Optimized PNG images, decreases overall size by more than 200kb.
* Do not overwrite 'forum' name here
* Use fobj that was returned by the context manager
* Typo
* avoid name clash
* Use anonymous name from settings in wiki.notifications
* Use anonymous name from settings
* force memory sqlite db
* Remove unused jquery-ui
* Add use-mirrors option to pip in bootstrap-extra step
* add use-mirrors to pip in virtualenv-setup.sh
* Remove some unused image files
* Simplify confirm data for user reactivation, and email change/reset.
* Update Ikhaya article reports upon creation/solving. Fixes :ticket:`889`
* Move javascripts to the end of the page, it's not required anymore to have
  them on top
* Use 4 topics per page, thanks Florian for the hint
* Revert "Rewrite ReadStatus to use a json data structure instead of pickle."
* Revert "Fixed serialization, fixed read status"
* Revert "Fixed typo, thanks Markus"
* use exists
* Avoid transaction and fixture setup in tests whenever possible
* cut revisions per page in half
* Add missing test for ticket :ticket:`635`
* Use real TestCase when touching the database
* Speedup test_topiclist by decreasing TOPICS_PER_PAGE
* Speedup post split tests
* Reindent
* Use setUp instead of setUpClass, avoid side effects
* Not required to delete all models here
* Fixed test_normalized_naming by removing double names.
* Speedup test_log test
* Use new Truncator class
* Fixed typo, thanks Markus
* Fixed serialization, fixed read status
* Rewrite ReadStatus to use a json data structure instead of pickle.
* XHTML validity
* Set a test secret key
* update releases
* small fixups in docu.
* update docu to v0.0.38
* Inyoka requires at least Python 2.7.
* docs v0.0.34...v0.0.37
* update 0.0.dev release summary
* Removed unnecessary "cd" in installation manual.
* really fix bytestring for version info in documentation
* fix bytestring
* we don't have custom static files right now
* release summary for v0.0.34
* Change the way we get the inyoka revision
* docu for inyoka.utils.forms
* change html theme to `nature` and cleanup docs
* inyoka.utils.database
* documentation for inyoka.utils.user
* documentation for inyoka.utils.files
* Fix SQLite test settings after migrating to Raven.
* Remove unnecessary function parameters in inyoka.ikhaya.Article
* Further documentation on Ikhaya models.
* class and function docs for ikhaya.models
* basic ikhaya.forms and ikhaya.models
* About Inyoka
* concretize the requirements and configuration settings
* Set ``seealso`` links and references to the Django documentation.
* add all configuration directives from the default_settings to the docs
* Don't recommend MySQL. PostgreSQL should be working as well.
* release summaries for v0.0.1 to v0.0.30
* basic generic installation manual
* initial docs commit
* Add dateutil to requirements and call the usermanager through the user class.
* Fix import error
* Several improvements and cleanups in the context of dropping cPickle from
  mails
* Changed a string in Ikhaya (“published“ instead of “written by”)
* Drop the usage of cPickle from the user reactivation and email verification
  and replace it by Django's signing features.
* Removed debug.js
* Update AUTHORS
* fixup recent merge.
* Fix KeyError in PrivMsg index
* The included pages __cannot__ be modified.
* Fix missing # in internal links
* Make the tests work again
* Add django-kombu to the requirements
* Add tests for wiki storage (interwiki, acl, smiley)
* Simplified test settings files.
* Fixed smiley_regex tests.
* Test settings fixes and typo fix.
* Some pep changes and simplifications
* Normalize wiki page names and username in ACL checks.
* Fix internal links containing anchors
* Include the breadcrumbs in the static wiki
* Add a snapshot date to the note
* Fix attachment links
* Do not exclude too many pages
* fix umlauts
* Include dynamic style
* Reworked the static wiki script and drop the usage of regex in favor of
  BeautifulSoup
* Typofixes.
* Set content div padding to zero in wiki stylesheet.
* Docstring for portal test_versions,
* Added docstrings to portal view tests.
* Put the codebox and smileybox into the foreground. Fixes :ticket:`828`
* Fixed a typo.
* Properly escape %, lulz.
* Even more paranoid approach to password upgrades.
* Minor html corrections.
* Make sure that the captcha is required.
* Prevent nested Values while iterating over a dictionary in the template
  syntax.
* Distinguish between arrays/lists and dictionaries. Fixes :ticket:`869`
* Simplify Value.__contains__
* fixup for b99b595 Fixes :ticket:`866`
* Parse 'else' after 'elseif' in template syntax again. Fixes :ticket:`866`
* Lots of cleanup in wiki teamplates and a bunch of tests
* Fix servererror after not-equal sign in wiki templates. Fixes :ticket:`867`
* Tests for 04e06ad
* Correctly convert values to unicode for binary template functions. Fixes
  :ticket:`868` as well as g3610735 and g3610740
* Make the tests work again. Refers to b0365842f
* pep08
* simplified container check
* pep08
* simplified if statement in storage mixin
* unused re import
* Disable user reactivation for now (till 1.5 issues are fixed).
* Increased year in footer to 2013.
* Don't fail when rendering the 500 template.
* i18n: update line numbers and add missing translations
* Converted inyoka/templates/500.html to Jinja.
* Simplified testcase.
* Fixed https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers/ubuntuusers/group/3448860/
* Support multi-digit numbers in inyoka.markup.templates.
* Fixed https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers/ubuntuusers/group/3448968/
* Added `test_unsusbscribe_user`.
* Added test for Markus' patch.
* Pass the suggestion id as anchor and not as a value to a query parameter. The
  only usage of the anchor is in the list of active suggestions and the current
  implementation does not work there.
* Split up `test_subscribe_user` up into two tests.
* Added `test_subscribe_user`
* spellcheck
* Relable the annotation field for suggesting Ikhaya articles
* Show gravatar if activated in Ikhaya comments. Fixes :ticket:`854`
* Hotfix: Require (un)subscribe_user to use POST requests.
* Some cleanup
* Properly remove the last_revisions cache after adding a new revision to a
  page.
* Test for "lost password link" in message body.
* Replaced ubuntuusers.de string with example.com in the tests.
* Do not allow using the "lost password" form if logged in.
* Two new test cases for lost password, changed mail adresses of user.
* Renamed test (typofix)
* Show total number of pages in mobile pagination.
* Proper usage of the different caches in wiki models and wiki tasks. E.g. this
  commit properly deletes the old name of a wiki page after renaming it to a
  new name.
* Define an default left padding for interwiki links in full and mobile view
  which. The padding can be overwritten by the dynamic styles. Fixes
  :ticket:`846`. Move the team interwiki icon to the appropriate directory.
* Fix errors in PostDeletionTest for MySQL tests.
* Clean unneeded imports and unused variables.
* Fix German translation in Portal.
* Update edit/revert/delete field descriptions. Closes :ticket:`843` (trac)
* Added a few more tests for the auth views.
* Fixed small security issue in redirect handling and added a few tests for
  auth views.
* Add copyright headers to html files.
* Add copyright headers to JS and lesscss files
* Add missing copyright header to python files.
* Moved terms_of_usage errors around a bit.
* Merged our captcha fields into one field.
* Added "Go to first / last page" button in pagination.
* Update the board rules in the registration form as announced in
  http://ubuntuusers.de/ikhaya/3867/
* Push copyright year to 2013 and add some missing copyright annotations.
* Add a view test to check for a successful feed generation if a blog entry
  lacks a title.
* The URLValidator in Django 1.5 has no ``verify_exists`` any more.
* Werkzeug requires a title to be defined for every feed entry. If no is
  specified by a blog (https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers-1/group/3011424/)
  we set it to "No title given".
* Removed useless pass statement.
* Fixed permanent login.
* Fix dataloss in hash algorithm change migration
* Removed some unneeded stuff.
* remove unused clean_temp_dirs script
* move user_record cron script to celery task
* fixed not_finished call in do_missing action, sentry/group/2974229
* makemessages
* reindent
* unused imports
* dump_argstring is not used anymore
* unused imports
* Use django.http import instead of inyoka aliases, some pep08
* Raise proper Not Allowed instead of Bad Request in permit_methods
* Do not hit cache on missing pages, sentry/group/138625
* do not even try to authenticate anonymous sentry/group/164417
* Do not show "prev" and "next" buttons in mobile if there is no prev/next page
* another unused constant
* removed filename functions from utils.text as they are now implemented more
  reliable and proper in utils.files
* remove unused helper functions
* SetStorage is unused
* fix permanent session on login
* SYSTEM_USER and ANONYOUS_USER aliases are not used
* user error reports do not exist since ages
* parser_name and argument definition string have no use right now
* remove unused nodes
* NewPostForm is not used anymore
* remove some dead code from forum.models
* there is no filter based on Article.drafts
* fix SEND_EVENTS config name
* BROKER_BACKEND is not required anymore
* upgraded dependencies, added explicit version dependencies everywhere
* Upgrade celery and kombu
* explicit installed apps overwrite in tests config is not required anymore
* upgraded requirements/production.txt
* use real bulk create
* Small speed saver in wiki view test
* Moved User.authenticate to custom auth backend to properly use
  django.contrib.auth
* Enable django.contrib.auth again
* Remove  field from user model, not required anymore
* MEDIA/STATIC URL require ending slash
* Upgrade south to latest trunk to include django1.5 work
* We are no longer using simplejson.
* Modularized nodes.Edited and simplified nodes.Moderated implementation
* Enable test code again
* Prevent request_cache.clear() to fail without request environment
* Remove unused test_post_delete fixture
* Fix requirements to Django 1.5
* ported update_model to django 1.5
* fixed broken merge
* Actually remove inyoka.parser :þ
* Remove unneded user.save calls and use update_fields where appropriate.
* Killed new_password_key field on the user model.
* Get rid of unused stuff.
* Use Django's password reset views instead of our own.
* Fixed tests.
* Update last_login via signals and try using Django's password reset views.
* Move the wiki parser and parser related stuff into inyoka.parser
* Simplify our access control checks (They are only needed for less).
* Use a more defensive approach for updating password hashes.
* Properly upgrade our old md5 passwords.
* Initial work toward Django 1.5.
* Fix csrf token for Django 1.5

Inyoka 0.0.62 release summary
=============================

* Translation upgrades.
* Explicity use the ISO format for the countdown to speed things up while
  rendering the image
* Make the countdown finally work. The image URL might contain a placeholder
  ``%(remaining)s`` that will be substituted by the number of remaining days (2
  digits, zero-prefixed) or ``soon``.
* fix download countdown regression (715a1bb7fe)

Inyoka 0.0.61 release summary
=============================

* Reverted broken caching of ACL.

Inyoka 0.0.60 release summary
=============================

* Simplified test settings files.
* Fixed smiley_regex tests.
* Test settings fixes and typo fix.
* Add tests regarding a89f5d928e and 0b398b11bd
* Prevent the StorageManager to re-instantiate the different storage classes on
  each request. This should also increase the performance dramatically.
* Drop the X-Behave feature from the wiki due to security issues, especially
  regarding the ACL. The settings variable WIKI_STORAGE_PAGES contains pages
  allowed storing data.

Inyoka 0.0.59 release summary
=============================

* Added defusedxml.
* Updated Django to 1.4.5 (sic, not yet released) and updated copyright to
  2013.

Inyoka 0.0.58 release summary
=============================

* Update the board rules in the registration form as announced in
  http://ubuntuusers.de/ikhaya/3867/

Inyoka 0.0.57 release summary
=============================

* Fixed mobile pagination
  (https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers-1/group/2926361/)
* Fix empty titles in ToC items and correctly push the sub nodes to the
  regarding parent node
* Fixed deployment of static files.
* Fixed some elementary errors in toc rendering
* Fixed https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers-1/group/2923716/.

Inyoka 0.0.56 release summary
=============================

* Added inyoka.markup to default_settings to pick up translations.
* Fixed codeblock resizer for pre elements.

Inyoka 0.0.55 release summary
=============================

* Fixed names for Seitenzahl macro.

Inyoka 0.0.54 release summary
=============================

* Compile translations.
* Fixed actions in forum template.
* Removed page selector from mobile navigation.
* Updated translations
* Fix German translation of ticket closing failure.
* continue parameter was renamed to next
* Replace the ubuntu brand logo with the current version. fixes :ticket:`827`
* Added style for "Preview / Submit" buttons in ikhaya.
* Less redundant css for "action" buttons, changed style of them.
* Update extra/requirements/production.txt
* Fixed rendering of the Attachment macro.
* Properly pass `wiki_page` to RenderContext.
* remove a bunch of whitespaces in mobile forum list.
* Fix search page for mobile version
* Exclude compiled css files from static app directories.
* Syntax fixes
* Justify text in Ikhaya articles and comments
* change the width of textareas in mobile design to 100% but with respect to
  the box-model (http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_boxmodel.asp)
* unify lesscss mixins for mobile app design
* Update fabfile to respect .less, .js and image files inside app directories.
  The compiled .css or .min.js files will be stored in the same directory as
  the original file is stored.
* Update lesscss to version 1.3.1
* Make sure that we only work on ``section_*`` css classes while rendering the
  ToC
* Verify the post position after a topic split
* Fix small javascript error if no value is set for countdown_active.
* Imagine two topics T1 and T2 with the posts [[P1, P2, P3], [P4, P5, P6]].
  Splitting all posts from P2 and append them at T2 will result in [[P1], [P4,
  P5, P6, P2, P3]]. If now all posts form P5 are split and appended to T1, the
  correct list would be [[P1, P5, P6, P2, P3], [P4]]. Before this commit, the
  lists have been [[P1, P5, P6], [P4, P2, P3]].
* Make make-bootstrap.py py3k compatible to simplify generation
* By 6632ff8 we introduced two separate macros handling the package lists in
  the Wiki. As requested the default will no longer provide an apturl. These
  URLs must explicitly activated.
* fix sentry 2658411
* Fix picture macro in Ikhaya
* translation update
* Fix build error :ticket:`90`
* Simplify the ToC macro and its JS implementation
* * Remove useless comment
* Rewrite the JS ToC to return the same tree structure as the python backend
  rendering plus the JS folding features.
* Add tests for new ToC macro (c344032093)
* Rewrote the TableOfContents macro to also handle broken headline levels (e.g.
  from level 1 to 3, w/o level 2 in between)
* Push to Django 1.4.2
* Fix _DEFAULT_GROUP definition
* Updated description
* Renamed countdown_wiki_page to countdown_target_page and added support for
  remote pages
* Remove unused imports
* Remove signal imports not required anymore
* Move picture macro to inyoka.wiki, add signals to auto import
* Splitted picture macro to application specific tasks
* Fix portal.0018 migration to only being executed with MySQL
* Remove Picture.__setstate__ definition, it's not required anymore
* Moved PageName, Template and Attachment macros to wiki.macros
* Made `RenderingContext` application independend by introducing a `kwargs`
  property.
* Removed obsolute mobile.css
* Basic styling of private messages.
* Moved page selection into "label".
* Use a <select> element for switching pages on mobile.
* Fixed test for explicit cache clearing, updated Post.delete to clear the
  cache of parent forums explicitely and added documentation
* Fixed, clearified and updated post deletion tests
* Fixed edge case in setting last_post if there is none
* speedup test_topiclist a bit
* Collapse forum categories by default, requires less scrolling.
* Made links on frontpage more clickable with more spaces between listitems.
* Using a "menu" icon instead of the uu logo
* Introduced an admin_mode to UserCPForm to not send email confirmations for
  admins.
* Implemented cache.clear on request_cache
* Fixed wrong, broken tests
* Integrated django-discover-runner, moved tests out of application code,
  restructured tests a bit
* Fixed name error
* More paragraph spacing in forum, include markup.less in mobile.
* Mobile .less styles for ikhaya.
* Moved wiki specific macros to inyoka.wiki.macros
* Moved autoimport logic for special modules to inyoka.core.models
* Started to refactor macros to allow pluggable registration and multiple
  aliasses.
* Removed unused Parser.wiki_representation method
* Removed old, unused and unmaintained generate_markup functionality.
* Implemented inyoka.core and added some new autodiscover signal for special
  modules.
* Adapt virtualenv-setup.sh script to recent dependency changes
* Update the tx-client config
* cache default group globally as we do with system user and anonymous
* small pep08 cleanup
* Upgrade xapian to 1.2.12 and use Pillow from pypi instead of compiling PIL
  manually
* strip simplified text
* Reformat AUTHORS file, fixed up some authors
* Fixed codeblock resizer behavior when resizing windows.
* Fix codeblock resizer behavior with TOC.
* Fixed :ticket:`804` -- Renamed the label of member_title to reflect it's
  actual usage.
* Get rid of save/delete_avatar completly.
* Use Modelforms for the profile and fix some issues with avatar uploads along
  the line.
* remove stupid docstring.
* Update messages.
* Update inyoka/portal/templates/portal/group_edit.html
* Moved form related stuff for group edits into the form class, no need to do
  form logic in the view.
* Adjust translations.
* Use the       ``ClearableFileInput`` widget to remove a group icon.
* According to the PIL documentation, the ``resize()`` function expects the
  size tuple to have (width, height) and *NOT* (height, width).
* Make the bash code highlighting identifiable against 'normal' code blocks.
  Fixes :ticket:`652`
* realign the codeblock resize button
* Fix scrolling for code-blocks in ikhaya and portal.
* Descriptions for topic split tests.
* Fix merges.
* Updated translations
* Add missing import so that tests run through
* fixed import error
* Add inyoka.markup compiled catalog
* compile catalogs
* Remove fuzzy marker from inyoka.markup
* Add german translations for inyoka.markup
* Update messages
* Add markup app to messages collectors/compilers
* Fixed import error in markup.utils
* Form fields don't need to be part of the ``fields`` attribute for forms.
* Remove the CreateGroupForm and convert the EditGroupForm to a ModelForm for
  simplification.
* Simplified js-collapsing code for polls and attachments.
* Fix the quotation marks for English and German strings. In English “” (69) is
  used, while the German language uses „“ (96).
* validate the uniqueness of the name for static files. fixes :ticket:`734`
* To prevent automatic hiding if an error exists for a poll or an attachment, a
  ``has_error`` class is being added. Initial folding is then only done if this
  class is not set. fixes :ticket:`714`
* Add tests for previous commit (19296d90c0)
* Until now a group must only contain alpha numerical characters and a few
  punctuation marks during creation. But during edit this character scope is
  not checked. This shouldn't be.
* Rename .package-list2 to .builddeps
* Move the wiki parser and parser related stuff into inyoka.markup
* The CSRF protection is handled by the middleware. No need to do it in the
  decorator. Add translations
* builddeps cannot handle apt urls. hence introduce a package-list2 class to
  render those wiki templates without it.
* Add tests for confirm_action decorated ikhaya-functions
* Apply confirm_action decorator to ikhaya reports
* Flash confirmation messages again
* Use the confirm_action decorator to handle comment hiding/restoring
* Validate the CSRF token for the flash confirmation messages Check for the
  confirm button be send
* Ikhaya frontpage style, styled plain text codeblocks.
* Changed `article` tag to `div`.
* Styled "edit" template (new topics, replies etc.)
* Styled form posts and codeblocks.
* Splitted less files a bit more up and styled polls.
* Styled "actions" (New topic, subscribe...) with less.
* Styled mobile pagination a bit.
* Started styling of pagination.
* Styled topiclist with less.
* Styled categories and subforums via less.
* Started with splitting up mobile.css into multiple less files.
* Basic mobile search template.
* Replaced mobile planet icon to match desktop version.
* Removed redundant viewport directive.
* Styled category bars.
* Changed brown tone.
* Styled mobile header similiar to desktop header.
* Styling of search input.
* Highres menu icons.
* Added search field in mobile.
* Improved alignment of top navigation and further css changes.
* Hide the menu when the back button on android is used.
* Provide backlinks from mobile messages.
* Added padding to wrapper.
* Reordered stylesheet.
* Added a few icons.
* Moved some javascript from forum to overall.
* Make top menu toggable.
* Added toggle capability to mobile forum categories.
* Only show "first unread" link if the topic is actually unread.
* Added "top menu" for mobile template.
* Substituted orange by brown. Looks meh.
* Added "go to last unread" link in mobile forum template.
* Commented out "This is mobile version" popup.
* Added links to mobile to create topics and subscribe to forums.
* More detailed help text for dynamic countdown.
* This commit enables a dynamic configuration of the Ubuntu release countdown.
  However, currently the files have to be uploaded manually to `href('static')`
  but this can be improved by e.g. linking to static files.

Inyoka 0.0.53 release summary
=============================

* Add 12.10 countdown.

Inyoka 0.0.52 release summary
=============================

* Revert "Add logo for the Ikhaya writing contest"

Inyoka 0.0.51 release summary
=============================

* Compile translations.
* Add logo for the Ikhaya writing contest
* Correctly unindent in TableOfContents if a heading is more than 1 level above
  the previous. fixes :ticket:`688`
* Abort the hiding/restoring process for Ikhaya comments when pressing the
  "Cancel" button. fixes :ticket:`750`
* Correctly order the posts during split preview. fixes :ticket:`678`
* German translation: Change beginning “ to „ .
* German translation: Use „“ instead of "".
* German translation fix.
* Change German ending quotes from "”" to "“". track no. 805
* Fix typo in inyoka/wiki/utils.py docstring.
* update .po and .pot files
* Include missing translation string.
* See post http://forum.ubuntuusers.de/post/4781652/
* Fix NameError. refs https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers-1/group/428309/

Inyoka 0.0.50 release summary
=============================

* Remove <p></p> from planet entry titles.
* Remove leading and trailing whitespaces that break the javascript to display
  the selected search area. Fixes :ticket:`799`

Inyoka 0.0.49 release summary
=============================

* Compile translations.
* Tests for human_number
* Set correct i18n context for comment count
* update linenumbers in translation files
* translate missing strings
* Properly return the response in CommonMiddleware if the HostsMiddleware
  returns one.
* increase Django to 1.4.1

Inyoka 0.0.48 release summary
=============================

* Properly return the response in CommonMiddleware if the HostsMiddleware
  returns one.

Inyoka 0.0.47 release summary
=============================

* increase Django to 1.4.1
* A leading www. as part of the URL creates an server error
  (https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers-1/group/315434/). Add the ROOT_URLCONF
  to this subdomain to fix it
* The csrf_token should not appear in in GET requests
* add a csrf_token to all template files containing a <form> tag.

Inyoka 0.0.46 release summary
=============================

* Pin kombu to a working version. There might be a version after 2.1.1 but
  unfortunately 2.3.2 does not work.
* Only move the attachment directory in forum:0010 migration to a backup dir if
  it exists.
* During migrating from Inyoka's flashing to Django's integrated messaging
  system, some functions lack the request parameter. This is exemplary shown in
  https://app.getsentry.com/ubuntuusers-1/group/313850/ . This changeset fixes
  this issue.
* Add tests for split_bits, split_negative_positive
* Restructured inyoka.forum.acl a bit to be more clear.
* Add test for acl.join_flags
* Started to add unittests for inyoka.forum.acl
* Updated and fixed fuzzy translations
* makemessages
* select_related does not take a tuple
* Fix view tests for new django1.4 way to handle csrf
* Add config to run tests with postgresql
* Add config for mysql test runner, fix tests
* Security release, immediate deploy ahead.
* Fixes :ticket:`700` again. Capitalize the numbers for the number of Ikhaya
  comments and print the human numbers in the portal view, too.
* small pep08 changes, more cleanups to come
* Remove highlighter middleware.
* fixed name error
* Fix small quirks, cleanups
* fix comparision to None
* versions_json is unused
* fixed quirky test_date test in JSONTest
* move fix_errors utility to utils.generic and reuse it everywhere
* Fixed language of title attribute.
* Removed alert which shows up when clicking on a link to a post.
* Added "trans" to "Show my profile" string. Fixes :ticket:`797`.
* Correctly close <div> tags in the Ikhaya article suggestion list. Fixes
  :ticket:`700`
* Typofix in jabber notification.
* Fixed the order of the breadcrumb elements in wiki articles.
* update read status only for authenticated users.
* Fixed flash messages in ikhaya
* Removed unused imports, small cleanups
* remove unproper debug message from profile_memory decorator
* remove broken import from forum.test_views
* remove X-* headers set by inyoka.
* fix set_session_info for postgres.
* restore pre django 1.4 session behavior.
* fix remaining tests and compile messages.
* follow up to the merge commit, Session object is still a big #FIXME
* Added some very basic memory debugging tools, taken from SQLAlchemy with some
  basic test.
* Added very basic forum index view test
* Move to latest known work django trunk to get smart_urlquote
* Don't set message cookie on every request.
* fix broken imports
* remove Django 1.3 compatibility function
* Remove a no longer needed method for Django comaptibility.
* Display our CSRF failure view instead of Django's.
* assume everyone has cookies enabled, if not CSRF kicks in either way.
* Remove last conflict marker
* get rid of the js powered login form
* update url patterns import paths to django 1.4
* update django-mobile to 0.2.2
* remove SecurityMiddleware from default_settings.
* Add protection against clickjacking
* switch csrf protection over to django's builtin one.
* fix import error.
* update some requirements
* Set django 1.4 dependency for better automatic tests
* Small clenaups, and fixed imports
* Fixed some Errors during merging
* We no longer depend on MarkupSafe, but reuse django.utils.html
* Removed inyoka.utils.flashing module, it was superseeded by
  django.contrib.messages
* fix typo
* even more^3 django.contrib.messages fun
* even more^2 django.contrib.messages fun
* even more django.contrib.messages fun
* convert planet to django.contrib.messages
* clean up imports in wsgi.py
* implement the new wsgi features of django 1.4.
* more django.contrib.messages fun
* ported ikhaya.views views over to django.contrib.messages
* switched portal app to django's message framework
* Don't access the session if it's not set.
* Switched our session stuff to django's session framework
* fixed compatibility with django 1.4's HttpResponse code

Inyoka 0.0.45 release summary
=============================

* Security release, immediate deploy ahead.

Inyoka 0.0.44 release summary
=============================

* Readd daytime flag for now, what is it doing?!

Inyoka 0.0.43 release summary
=============================

* properly format times with a different dst setting in the calendar.

Inyoka 0.0.42 release summary
=============================

* added missing migration.
* check for `Baustelle/` before stripping it from the page name during
  construction finish
* Do not use any CDN for jQuery.
* Revert "Add a IPv6 Badge."
* fixed :ticket:`710` by incrementing gpg key length to 255.
* fixed title length validation on post edits.
* compile translations.
* Testcommit for GithubTrac, fixed :ticket:`782`
* simpler fix for the previous fix ;)
* Fix other possible bugs and add test for attachment adding
* Fix :ticket:`782` and add missing translation
* Removed "#egg=django-openid" from requirements/production.txt
* implement partial fields saves like django 1.5 will support.
* clean the permission cache when a user is saved.
* Remove all leading occurrences of ``[[Vorlage(Baustelle`` and
  ``[[Vorlage(Überarbeitung`` while moving a page back from the construction
  area.
* Correctly remove the leading 'Baustelle/' while moving a wiki page back from
  the construction site.
* Change the font color of highlighted text in bash codes to a dark tone. fixes
  :ticket:`696`
* correctly align tables in the preview, e.g. Vorlage/Bildersammlung. fixes
  :ticket:`224`
* fix function name for wiki log test
* Increase the number of wiki revisions per page to 100 in the history/log
  view. Fixes :ticket:`693`
* We don't read locale information from the browser (yet)
* This commit fixes a problem in the post selection for topic split. If an old
  topic slug contains a character that normally is percent-encoded (e.g. a
  colon), the selection does not work. A request to ``split/`` page redirects
  back to the topic, because the transmitted slug does not match the real slug
  of the topic. URL unquoting solves that problem.
* Code Style :) too much thinking in c
* Add tests for pagination with topic_list
* Fix another pagination bug
* Add missing translation
* Updated Translations
* Languagespecific human numbers
* Update Pybabel to trunk
* Fix egosearch pagination. See :ticket:`646`
* Removed "Highlight" Middleware.
* Disabled editing of comments. Refers :ticket:`732`.

Inyoka 0.0.41 release summary
=============================

* Add a IPv6 Badge.
* remove the donation banner
* A 1 to much
* Fix empty pages in /last24/ regarding :pr:`76` and :ticket:`617`

Inyoka 0.0.40 release summary
=============================

* Make deletion of empty avatars a noop.
* Code Style
* Style and remove unused import
* Improove context propagation and testing
* Add test for /last24/
* Add propagating context for using in tests
* Fix :ticket:`617`. Maybe performace issues created

Inyoka 0.0.39 release summary
=============================

* Updated Postit Link

Inyoka 0.0.38 release summary
=============================

* Fix jquery selector for assigning article suggestions.
* don't let search engines index ikhaya typo reports.
* fix :ticket:`767`
* Disabled editing of comments. Refers :ticket:`732`.
* disable highlighther middleware for now, till it's redirection problems are
  fixed.
* fix and simplify tabbar.

Inyoka 0.0.37 release summary
=============================

* Compiled messages
* Fixed unsubscribe bug

Inyoka 0.0.36 release summary
=============================

* compile messages
* makemessages
* Added some comments to .gitignore.
* Add eclipse projectfiles to ignored files

Inyoka 0.0.35 release summary
=============================

* Finish donation, change picture to say thanks

Inyoka 0.0.34 release summary
=============================

* Updated translation files
* Removed rounded meta bar for ikhaya posts to not distract the users eye
  too much
* Added tests for forum module
* Fixed missing translation for mobile notice hiding
* remove translation update script
* Introduce the transifex client. Use ``tx help`` or look at
  http://help.transifex.com/features/client/
* Add unsubscribe link for unreadable subscriptions
* Add handler for parameter 'next' for page-unsubscriptions and
  user-unsubscriptions
* Extend some get_absolute_url() functions to redirect keyword-args to
  href() to become GET-Parameters
* Renamed the GET-Parameter continue into next in the forum-module for
  project-wide uniformity
* At least on Arch a system-wide Python update to 2.7.3 crashes the
  virtual environments. Even rebuilding a 2.7.2 venv does not work. Hence
  we upgrade to 2.7.3.
* Correctly render the ``Bild()`` macro during first save of a post. This
  is achieved by first saving the empty post, then updating the post ids
  for the attachments and finally save the post with the correct text
  which will render the images as expected.
* use the storage system to delete old avatars.
* Don't save images through PIL if no resizing is needed.
* remove gradient behind tabs in wiki
* small design adjustions to integrate the ikhaya posts into the layout in
  the portal index again
* add a small :active effect to the app menu
* add the :hover effect to the app menu again
* underline the links for article date and article comments in portal
* Bottom margin for message box
* Wiki tabbar
* Redesign portal page
* Color palette
* Light login bar
* Tabbar: Subtle active state, no hover
* Removed all wrapper divs but one

Inyoka 0.0.34 release summary
=============================

* compile messages.
* remove precise countdown banner
* Add a donation postit and link it to the donation article
* Fix :ticket:`764` and sync with transifex
* Revert "Translations for 4c4bff9322". Unneeded.
* small fixes and removal of uneeded variables.
* Switch position of locked and solved status emblemes for topic icons and add
  opacity for hidden topics
* Put images for topic icons into sprite
* Remove old icons
* Flexible topic icons
* Translations for 4c4bff9322
* Rewrite MaxLengthStorageMixin in order to take really care of the max_length,
  even if the directory is too long.
* don't leave any files behind.
* get rid of unneeded storage.exists call and add tests.
* fix :ticket:`760`, file.open returns None and as such isn't useable as
  context manager.
* Remove unused PickleEntry database field type
* Speedup test_storage tests
* Changed url_for_post behavior to make it easier to use.
* Copied override_settings from Django 1.4
* Include production.txt in test.txt requirements file
* Switch to gunicorn#sync to properly support MySQLdb
* try to reconnect to xapian database on common DatabaseErrors as well
  (hopefully NFS corruption workaround, #group/66883)
* Changes as recommended in
  :pr:`57`
* Remove the ``set_host()`` function from the InyokaClient and make the
  ``login()`` function to use the same parameters as
* Add basic tests to show the usage of the InyokaClient for testing views.
* Our own test client for testing views. This client implements our own
  authorization, permission and session management a
* Show the old forum name in notifications about topic movements. Fixes
  :ticket:`752`.
* add tests for splitting posts into a new topic; move tests for splitting
  posts and appending them to an existing topic
* Add some enhanced tests for topic split. But the forum unittest rewrite is
  not yet done.
* fix forum.last_post again in split
* comment clarifications.
* typo :(
* Change Forum.post_count during splits.
* fix wrong behavior of .reverse() in topic split by changing it to .order_by()

Inyoka 0.0.33 release summary
=============================

* Update banner to include a link to the wiki.
* Add Countdown for 12.04.

Inyoka 0.0.32 release summary
=============================

* Only check moderation privileges if the quote is hidden, otherwise check
  reply.

Inyoka 0.0.31 release summary
=============================

* compile translations.
* Fix errors during reconnects in the Jabber bot.
* Ignore results from tasks we do not require.
* Solve strange display width of Ikhaya article comments. The ``markup.css``
  defines ``#page table { width: auto; }`` whic
* Check for permissions when quoting. Fixes :ticket:`751`.


Inyoka 0.0.30 release summary
=============================

* use cache.delete_many()
* Memcache does not allow white spaces in keys. Fixes g97160
* Mark string for translation

Inyoka 0.0.29 release summary
=============================

* compile messages.
* zmq is CRAZY!
* move IE8 warning out of the loop and add the translation for the message

Inyoka 0.0.28 release summary
=============================

* compile messages.
* cache.decr raises ValueErrors on non existing keys, hence just use
  cache.delete
* Shortened the code for closing reported topics.
* Tell users to upgrade to IE8.
* Group the reported topics by forum to reduce hits on ``have_privilege()``.
* remove wrong casting
* i18n for 13bae88884
* remove threading.lock from utils/mail.py -- it's not needed here.
* With this change we evaluate the reported topics against the 'can_moderate'
  privilege. This ensures, that only supporter of the regarding forum and
  global moderators are able to close tickets.
* recompiled messages
* Fix unicode string in wiki action ``mv_discontinued`` and clear the cache
  after removing a page from the 'Baustelle'
* s/abbonieren/abonnieren
* fix broken comment
* we do not need to preload images, we are using sprites instead.
* add missing assignment for string replace
* compile messages
* make the differences between location of a user and an event clear:
  "residence" and "venue"
* compile messages.
* Clear the cache after publishing an Ikhaya article. Fixes :ticket:`664`
* Make the subscription filter work again. Fixes :ticket:`716`.
* spell correction
* Get rid of the ugly underlines in links
* Remove unnecessary form fields. Fixes :ticket:`682`
* Introduce a new feature to directly go to the last post of a topic using
* add the translations for jumping to last Ikhaya article comment
* add the goto link to the mobile version as well
* add a goto link to the subscription view to jump to the last Ikhaya article
  comment
* fixes :ticket:`725`
* Fix ``./manage.py makemessages`` to use all keywords. The settings in
  setup.cfg are not taken into account when running ``pybabel``.
* remove unneeded /404/ url.

Inyoka 0.0.27 release summary
=============================

* move the short word check into __init__ to also affect
  find_highlightable_words.
* insane speedup of the highlighter, should be O(n) now instead of
  O(n^whatever)
* post_delete signal doesn't supply the raw kwargs, hence use .get instead of
  ['raw'].
* fix servererror when the unified diff is empty.

Inyoka 0.0.26 release summary
=============================

* compile translations
* fix https://app.getsentry.com/51/group/61124/ and
  https://app.getsentry.com/51/group/59513/
* fix raw display in the pastebin and posting of entries without a title.
* replace singular placeholder ``%(count)s`` with ``one``
* remove double pipe sign ``| |``. fixes :ticket:`722`
* inyoka.middlewares contains some i18n strings too
* translations for refs :ticket:`724`
* display user location in forum topic view. fixes :ticket:`724`
* apply recent translation changes to source code
* apply recent changes to .pot-file
* German translation fixes.

Inyoka 0.0.25 release summary
=============================

* Fix tagcloud macro (https://app.getsentry.com/51/group/59488/actions/urls/)
* Update lessc to match new nodejs version.

Inyoka 0.0.24 release summary
=============================

* raven 1.4.3 compatibility.
* fix http://log.apolloner.eu/group/584
* add migration from strings to booleans for distri versions.
* list static pages again
* change comment - refers previous commit
* Fix the JSON encoding problem as explained in the Django docs.
* Removed whitespace between image and </a>, fixes appearance of link to post.
* Revert "ugettext_lazy fix for privileges.
  (http://log.apolloner.eu/group/587)" This solution is invalid as EnTeQuAk
  stated in
  :pr:`35`
* make the jstableform handle boolean fields as bool and not as string
* ugettext_lazy fix for privileges. (http://log.apolloner.eu/group/587)
* update ubuntuusers copyright
* replace sentry with raven

Inyoka 0.0.23 release summary
=============================

* fix string interpolation in calendar breadcrumbs
* fix translations in forum celery requests.
* Include the django.contrib.humanize to get translations for naturaldate
* Fixed number pastebin view to force entry_id to int to represent the format
  string
* okay, last checkin :/
* shame on me :(

Inyoka 0.0.22 release summary
=============================

* Fixed Typo

Inyoka 0.0.21 release summary
=============================

* refers previous commit
* fix ubuntu-version dev status
* Commented out broken js for now, needs to be solved in i18n-js branch

Inyoka 0.0.20 release summary
=============================

* fix specificdatetimeformat usage in templates
* Fixed get_version_info to support translation proxy

Inyoka 0.0.19 release summary
=============================

* compile translations
* Switch to a specific tested south version, because of
  http://south.aeracode.org/ticket/1030
* some i18n fixes by toddy. Thanks!
* add missing file
* Use Django's storage sys for forum attachments.
* fix forum attachments migration
* fix a bug in recalculate_post_positions and speed it up.
* fix i18n for userpages. This commit introduces two system-variables
  ``WIKI_USER_BASE`` and ``WIKI_USERPAGE_INFO``. The former is the base path to
  all userpages, e.g. for user 'foo' it will be 'wiki.example.com/User/foo' by
  default. The information page about userpages is defined by the latter one
  which expands to 'wiki.example.com/Userpage' by default.
* catch any errors in attachment migration, this has to work in one go.
* fix migration order
* fix migration order
* new build flags for python (more or less what debian does)
* translation fixes. Thanks toddy.
* fix .po and .pot files according to the warning and errors of ``msgfmt -c``
* refers last commit
* translations to latest spell checks
* did some spell checking
* translations
* further i18n fixes
* ignore temp attachments in migration
* add new migration for forum attachments !!! NEEDS TESTING ON REAL DATA BEFORE
  DEPLOYMENT !!!
* rewrite folder structure for forum attachments
* More corrections
* small corrections thanks to review
* running the migrations on a new sqlite database results in an error:
  http://paste.pocoo.org/show/JNyQzBfRFDcx4bAPmHqe/
* extend the inyoka version with the current commit hash in DEBUG mode
* Removed unused check_celeryd_activity script
* Moved topicicons to extra folder, removed old forum legacy url file
* Removed gunicorn.initd
* Removed unused and totally outdated audio captcha files
* Added sublime project files to gitignore
* Started repository cleanup.
* add missing copyright headers
* update copyright year to 2012
* update the username in the admin user profile form
* Some small migration tweaks
* Fixed some i18n stuff, thanks Markus! :sparkles: :beer: :sparkles:
* Fixed import error
* Fixed import error
* Fixed invalid name errors
* More fixes
* Fixed fancy group_attachments i18n probs
* Convert old 'keine' string in database to more generic 'none' string, more
  i18n work in forum
* moar i18n
* Added missing planet_description migration
* Moved planet description out of code and made it configurable
* More i18n changes
* Started i18n review.
* removed funny commentary, yes it's actively used and implemented
* Make ikhaya description configurable
* Removed loads of locale specific formatting, especially regarding datetime
  formatting
* More untranslated strings
* Removed ubuntuusers/german strings from default_settings, added gettext noops
* Removed custom keywords support from makemessages command, it's now properly
  defined in setup.cfg
* Added full django translation keyword support to setup.cfg
* translation strings for global
* translate utils.forms
* translate utils.generic
* use Django internal MONTHS and WEEKDAYS dictionaries
* translation fix; updated transifex
* translate
* translate ikhaya.views
* translate ikhaya.notifications
* translate ikhaya.models
* translate ikhaya.forms
* Do not crash if there are no posts
* fix translations
* translate forum.views
* translation strings for forum
* translate forum.search
* translate forum.notifications
* translate forum.models
* More fixes as suggested in review, memory leak fixes
* translate forum.forms
* Force user input to be handled as unicode
* translate forum.acl
* Added proper test extraction for inyoka.utils.tests
* Allow lazy extractions
* Killed django-nose, killed some prints
* Fix "link discussions" in breadcrumbs.
* force reinstall of libs in virtualenv-setup.sh
* Rewritten INYOKA_REVISION parsing to dulwich, much faster
* add link to connect a wiki page to a forum topic. refers :ticket:`686`
* each wiki page can have only one discussion. changed i18n. refers :ticket:`686`
* display the revision notes on the diff page. refers :ticket:`656`
* fix pagination in blog list
* remove query optimation, this is a jinja bug
* display voters in mobile template and reduce query count
* properly quote urls in interwiki links, fixes :ticket:`687`
* Don't rename .html to .xml during uploads, fixes :ticket:`599`
* Add voters count to poll display if multiple votes are allowed, fixes :ticket:`692`
* remove unneeded cache filling
* add tests for post.delete
* Disable deletion of test data, django truncates the tables already.
* remove unneeded qs limiting.
* properly clear the forum cache after post.delete()
* fix for :ticket:`695`. (last_post_id wasn't updated properly)
* fix typo in post.delete()
* Restore functionality of the special_rights view.
* Properly set return-path when using sendmail
* Added migration to recalculate post positions
* Order by position rather than id
* Clearified that the xmpp session is threaded
* Followup to review
* Disable service discovery
* Implemented a new Jabber Bot based on ZeroMQ and SleekXMPP.
* Fixed gettext string.
* Added translations for utils.sortable and utils.gettext
* Fixed usage of ugettext/ugettext_lazy and unified the usage of _('').
* more translations, kill the usage of human_number
* fix misplaces ``)``
* Minor style change (extra padding).
* Fixed "tabbar sprite" bug.
* Set default environment variable in make_testdata.py
* change header sprite to vertical. fixes :ticket:`683`
* Changed "Welcome" text on the frontpage.
* change links in 'about inyoka'. fixes :ticket:`681`
* fix floating of ikhaya comments if admin links have more than one line. fixes
  :ticket:`637`
* Introduce a ForumField (inyoka.forum.forms.ForumField), that hierarchically
  displays all forums the requesting user has access to. This field is now used
  in topic split and topic move, as well as in forum edit. Besides these forum
  related views, the search page uses die field too which fixes :ticket:`654`.
* Reindent.
* fix anchor in interwiki links for opera & chromium, fixes :ticket:`679`
* Added sprite-ref to tabbar background images.
* Dynamic width for header icons.
* display the parent forums during forum creation in a hierarchical order, so
  that they can be clearly identified. fixed :ticket:`513`
* add column borders to tables in preview area. fixes :ticket:`527`
* correctly insert the unstable status to topics based on their version info.
  fixes :ticket:`676`
* Fixed path for switch.png
* Implemented a gunicorn autoreloader.
* Reindent.
* some spelling corrections for wiki i18n
* fix multi-line translations in wiki
* fix multi-line translations in pastebin
* fix multi-line translations in global
* fix multi-line translations in planet
* fix multi-line translations in portal
* fix multi-line translations in Ikhaya
* fix multiline translations in forum
* adjust positions of old topic when splitting a topic
* Translation update.
* "Utils" is not an app, so put utils translations to "global".
* Less intensive color for admin switch.
* Changed margin of adminbar and corner roundness.
* Translation update.
* Moved adminbar icons to dedicated directory.
* Finetuning of adminbar style.
* Fixed LOCALE_PATHS.
* Removed wrong style.
* Adjusted JavaScript to switch admin button on and off.
* Removed some useless styles.
* Round corners for the admin bar again, changed right margin.
* correctly hide old ubuntu versions in forum, etc. and prevent
  Topic.get_ubuntu_version() from failing if a version does not exist
* Moved adminpanel to old position.
* move the static ``jsi18n/`` URL to the portal for easier routing
* Fix missing input field for CAPTCHA fields. We have to print the input field
  -- only rendering does not work
* Pagination on top.
* Fixed template path.
* Fixed 500.html, it's rendered by the Django template engine, not by Jinja2
* Put the adminlink switch into an own bar.
* Some gradients for the adminbar.
* Recompiled and reextracted messages
* Updated manage.py to latest django code, to include sys.argv
* Removed LocaleMiddleware and CommonMiddleware.
* fixed repr of wiki.Revision
* Minor translation updates.
* Typofix.
* Compiled global translations and fixed LOCALE_PATHS.
* Take care about globale translations in compilemessages.
* Forgot to run compilemessages.
* Updated translations from transifex.
* Adjusted translation_update.py script.
* Updated german translations from transifex.
* Use a brownish color for the adminbar, not red.
* Changed style of admin bar.
* Extract strings from project global templates.
* Use unicode strings in _()
* Updated translations with script.
* Added script to automatically fetch updates from Transifex.
* Updated translations from transifex. 96% done!
* Fixed some english strings.
* Fixed unresolved merge.
* Restored and reparsed translation files
* Fixed babel.cfg to restore old values (fixes some extraction errors)
* Revert "makemessages"
* makemessages
* Fixed a few template errors that held the templates from being processed
  properly
* Added a new parameter to babel.cfg that can be used in conjunction with
  https://github.com/mitsuhiko/jinja2/pull/73 to find template errors
* Removed unused babel.cfg
* Updated german translations from transifex.
* Minor language updates.
* Typofix.
* Typofixes.
* Some translation updates.
* Finished wiki template translations.
* Translated more wiki templates.
* Typofixes.
* Translated more wiki templates.
* Translations for wiki forms and models.
* Updated translations according to our wikipage.
* Updated pos, mos and pots.
* Translated global templates.
* Removed "debug false".
* Started with support of javascript translations.
* Pastebin template translations.
* Translations for pastebin models and forms.
* Planet view translations.
* Finished ikhaya template translations.
* More english translations…
* Started with ikhaya template translations.
* Finished forum template translations.
* More forum template translations and major reindents.
* Some more forum template translations.
* Some more forum template translations.
* Some more forum template translations.
* Started with forum template translations.
* Planet model translations.
* Planet template & forms translations.
* Minor translation fixes.
* Translated portal/user.py
* Translated portal forms.
* Finished english portal translations.
* Fixed some formatstrings.
* Fixed some syntaxerrors.
* Pass unicode to ugettext.
* More template translations.
* Translation of some portal templates.
* Updated .mo files.
* German translations for ikhaya views.
* German translations for planet.
* German translations for wiki views and typofix.
* Updated messages.
* Use correct brackets for formatstrings.
* English translations for wiki views.
* Updated an ikhaya translation.
* English translations for planet views.
* Translations for ikhaya views.
* Updated translations a bit
* Updated forum translation.
* Changed some translations.
* Added gettext to forum views.
* Finished portal view translations.
* More portal view translations.
* Replaced some more quotes.
* Replaced german quotes („“) by english ones("").
* Forgot to remove two lines in last commit.
* Removed status_info property from usermodel, it was languagespecific.
* Abandoned "pgettext" and used other english words.
* More translations for portal view.
* Custom manage.py commands
* compile_translations for fabfile.
* Copied old hg i18n repo into git.

Inyoka 0.0.18 release summary
=============================

* Properly set return-path when using sendmail
* Restore functionality of the special_rights view.
* fix js syntax error

Inyoka 0.0.17 release summary
=============================

* properly escape title and alt attrs in image uploads, refs :ticket:`633`
* add an invisible border to keep the dropdown at the same position, fixes
  :ticket:`559`
* Changed admin icon from monkey to tools.
* fix slug creation to actually take max_length of fields into account, fixes
  :ticket:`655`
* Fixed error when saving a wikiarticle if not logged in.
* restore short url for ikhaya, fixes :ticket:`642`
* Revert "Added test to check time of a request."
* add a broken testcase for :ticket:`655`
* update celery to 2.4.0
* move jstableform to a separat js file and fix coloring after field
  validation.
* A bit more abstraction for the JavaScript Table Form. You are now able to use
  ANY table, independent of its id. Read the docs in inyoka/static/js/portal.js
  and the implementation in inyoka/portal/templates/portal/configuration.html
  about how to use this new feature.
* This commit makes the JavaScript table form 100% generic :) Read the docs in
  inyoka/static/js/portal.js for a brief how-to :)
* add new migration for distribution versions instead of changing an existing.
* Fake acitivty monitor not required as we now have rabbitmq
* fix pagination in blog list. fixes :ticket:`622`
* add ubuntu versions 4.10 to 12.04(dev) to the initial data migration
* use a dictionary and simplejson.dumps() to build the json notation of an
  UbuntuVersion
* reorder/restructure the JS for dynamic distribution versions
* make the admin menu static. It does *not* flow in and out any longer! fixes
  :ticket:`546`
* Fixed undefined value
* add unittest for distribution version order
* integrate new distribution version management into all apps.
* Fixed :ticket:`635`, fixed behavior of Link node if url is None
* removed more unused scripts
* Removed unused feeds_update.xml
* Removed unused plax.js
* Updated 404 page
* Updated server_error.html
* Move to dom lxml builder, as it has no fucking unicode errors...
* Remove unused and not properly working script
* Use new dict comprehension where possible
* fixed missing import
* Use new requests library for utils.gravatar instead of urllib2
* We are not opening urllib on get_thumbnail anymore
* Fixed user.settings migration to respect special hidden_forum_categories key
* using functions in a normanl way seems to work as well. Don't know why I
  assigned them to variables
* fix adding of rows. it's a bit ugly right now, but I will simplify that the
  next days. Stay tuned.
* make icons clickable if in edit mode.
* add a feature to revert changed rows
* add some css to the table
* verify agains valid version number and a given name
* editing a row of a table woks now. removed debug prints
* first changes for variable distribution releases.
* Added test to check time of a request.
* update celery to 2.4.0
* move jstableform to a separat js file and fix coloring after field
  validation.
* A bit more abstraction for the JavaScript Table Form. You are now able to use
  ANY table, independent of its id. Read the docs in inyoka/static/js/portal.js
  and the implementation in inyoka/portal/templates/portal/configuration.html
  about how to use this new feature.
* This commit makes the JavaScript table form 100% generic :) Read the docs in
  inyoka/static/js/portal.js for a brief how-to :)
* add new migration for distribution versions instead of changing an existing.
* Fake acitivty monitor not required as we now have rabbitmq
* fix pagination in blog list. fixes :ticket:`622`
* add ubuntu versions 4.10 to 12.04(dev) to the initial data migration
* use a dictionary and simplejson.dumps() to build the json notation of an
  UbuntuVersion
* reorder/restructure the JS for dynamic distribution versions
* make the admin menu static. It does *not* flow in and out any longer! fixes
  :ticket:`546`
* Fixed undefined value
* add unittest for distribution version order
* integrate new distribution version management into all apps.
* Fixed :ticket:`635`, fixed behavior of Link node if url is None
* removed more unused scripts
* Removed unused feeds_update.xml
* Removed unused plax.js
* Updated 404 page
* Updated server_error.html
* using functions in a normanl way seems to work as well. Don't know why I
  assigned them to variables
* fix adding of rows. it's a bit ugly right now, but I will simplify that the
  next days. Stay tuned.
* make icons clickable if in edit mode.
* add a feature to revert changed rows
* add some css to the table
* verify agains valid version number and a given name
* editing a row of a table woks now. removed debug prints
* first changes for variable distribution releases.

Inyoka 0.0.16 release summary
=============================

* Fixed :ticket:`635`, fixed behavior of Link node if url is None
* Updated server_error.html

Inyoka 0.0.15 release summary
=============================

* Move to dom lxml builder, as it has no fucking unicode errors...
* Remove unused and not properly working script
* Use new dict comprehension where possible
* fixed missing import
* Use new requests library for utils.gravatar instead of urllib2
* We are not opening urllib on get_thumbnail anymore

Inyoka 0.0.14 release summary
=============================

* Fixed user.settings migration to respect special hidden_forum_categories key

Inyoka 0.0.13 release summary
=============================

* convert hidden_forum_categories to tuple for json compat
* s/cann/can/

Inyoka 0.0.12 release summary
=============================

* hide the countdown again, see you in six months ;)
* Fixes for topiclist.
* s/cann/can/
* Readded missing object, thanks MarkusH
* Fixed group view, group/440
* Fixed on_change_status if no slug is in POST, group/442
* Removed docbook export compleatly, as it was not working anyway
* Fixed undefined name error in pastebin.views
* Remove _image references and link directly to the media url
* Increase celery log level to INFO
* Fixed cache update on page do_attach
* Fixed :ticket:`619` - show first posts on paginated pages
* Fixed flash messages in privmsg delete/archive, fixes :ticket:`18`
* don't raise errors in urlparse, refs :ticket:`614`
* made external link regex ungreedy, fixes :ticket:`614`
* Fixed UnicodeDecodeError in cleanup_html
* removed dc:title from foaf export, fixes :ticket:`623`
* added missing pagination to bloglist, fixes :ticket:`622`
* add `Precise Pangolin` to the list of Ubuntu versions.
* extend unit test for inyoka.utils.storage to show the problem that was fixed
  by 30b48c9e10d4083c90cb82eb1977111ff38a7974
* do not use the same name for an imported module and for a variable. So delete
  the ``import as`` and use the real module name.
* fix portal storage that does not save values for objects are are created.
* damn - drop alert :-(
* drop the "coming soon" banner from the counter
* There is no "_settings" anymore.
* Erased the word 'legacy' from our code, cleaned up 404 handlers.
* Link to Oneiric Ocelot wikipage instead of ubuntu.com
* change oneric countdown due to lots of performance problems with Processing
  in older browsers.
* one more regression fix to b1ecb9e06471ae0c2a0c32d5d961ccc1bd7201b0
* Added the "lost" else in the for loop of the topiclist.
* Changed usage of .all to .iterator in the new user migrations
* fixed some regressions introduced by b1ecb9e06471ae0c2a0c32d5d961ccc1bd7201b0
* Oneiric countdown.
* Unify json usage to use django.utils, we require the fast simplejson module
  anyway
* Ported User.settings to JSONField, we don't need pickle for that.
* Add missing test models
* Implemented basic JSONField and PickleField.
* Upgraded to latest django-nose version to enable fixture bundling and other
  fixes.
* No extra margin for admin links, looks strage beside normale links.
* fix small mistake
* Display a info box to inform the user that he is visiting the mobile page of
  ubuntuusers
* Increased size of flavour switcher and put it in an own line.
* removed TESTING document, it was wrong after all ;)
* changed nosetest exclude to .git in setup.cfg
* assume development_settings by default and removed init.sh
* removed easy_uninstall, we use pip nowadays
* Added simple celeryd activity script, capable of being used as a Icinga
  plugin.
* moved task registry to config, implemented simple activity task
* more unused imports
* remove unused SESSION_KEY
* increase session cleanup to every 5 minutes
* Moved session cleanup script to celery periodic task
* Updated CleanupFilter and fixed some fancy unicode errors.
* forum/_forum.html "topic_icon" macro is not compatible with egosearch.
* Do not show reported topics to all users in egosearch.
* Do not color every td, just give the tr an own class. (+ reindent)
* fix table borders in ikhaya article details: fixes :ticket:`597`
* we should rely on sub.notified to always display of the star for ``unread``
  together with the link to ``first_unread`` even if there are some
  inconsistencies. finally fixes :ticket:`276` - hopefully
* Variable was referenced before assignment, should probably like this.
* Some more commits, just some intermediate result of my cleanup hacking...
* More pep08 cleanups
* Allow messages to be overwritten
* use a boolean check in PermissionMixin
* Cleaned utils.text, moved doctests to unittest module
* Added basic utils.gravatar tests
* Update utils.cache tests
* Remove useless doctest from utils.gravatar
* Update to latest Werkzeug 0.8.1
* Removed debug toolbar support from default_settings - don't say people how to
  debug things...
* Fixed Storage.get_many, the key list will be consumed more than once
* force RequestCache to fetch keys
* Isolate cache and storage tests better
* Updated request cache to properly update the thread local on get_many
* Added basic unittests for request cache
* Removed unused import
* Added KEY_PREFIX to RequestCache backend
* Added fennec to mobile browser list, fixes :ticket:`611`
* moved login link to the appbar in the mobile template, fixes :ticket:`542`
* hide admin_menu if media=print, fixes :ticket:`603`
* changed number_re in wiki.templates to only match numbers, fixes :ticket:`598`
* removed a comment
* added lxml to requirements and removed ugly border from extended search
  dropdown
* Started to cleanup inyoka.utils.html to be ported to lxml.html
* move closure to global helper function
* Removed unused wiki thumbnail cleaner
* initial unittests for ikhaya

Inyoka 0.0.11 release summary
=============================

* Link to Oneiric Ocelot wikipage instead of ubuntu.com
* change oneric countdown due to lots of performance problems with Processing
  in older browsers.

Inyoka 0.0.10 release summary
=============================

* Oneiric countdown.

Inyoka 0.0.9 release summary
============================

* Upgraded django-celery to 2.3.3

Inyoka 0.0.8 release summary
============================

* Updated requirements, removed mercurial as we do not require it anymore
* Added basic utils.database tests
* More cleanups
* remove old render_posts script
* Removed unused utils.antispam module
* Small cleanups, 2x faster forum tests by not relying on transactions
* Fixed page renaming, wonder how this worked before...
* erased unused pre_delte_topic signal
* Really reactivate topic deletion
* Fixed, updated and cleaned up the topic/post/forum deletion process.
* Allow update_model to update a list of instances
* Hide hide/delete actions for first post, as they are not allowed there
* Added confirm to topic deletion
* Take the risk and reactivate delete buttons, fixes :ticket:`565`
* PROTECT wiki discussions for deletion, fixes :ticket:`610`
* Start normalizing headlines at level zero, fixes :ticket:`553`, :ticket:`463`
* Fixed last post aggregation in split/move topics, fixes :ticket:`604`
* remove deprecated code block
* save get_version_details for site scrapers like HTTRack, group/388
* Fixed split topic for empty post_id list
* Added stub get_and_delete_messages method
* Check for existing email addresses in reactivation process
* Added simple atomic model update utilility
* fixed none check for non existing topics to not issue a query
* Workaround for previews with the insidious attachment handling in forum.
* Fix typo, mods can now unsubscribe from forum reports again, fixes :ticket:`602`
* Fix serveral minior issues at :ticket:`443`: Auto moving wiki pages to
  'Baustelle' and back
* Setting a global message crashed everything, fixed that.
* Add direct editing links to Ikhaya report lists (saves a click or two)
* make_testdata.py now also creates planet test data
* fixed :ticket:`595`
* fixed :ticket:`607`
* don't rename .mo and .svg on upload, fixes :ticket:`599`
* increased ul.dropdown width, fixes :ticket:`589`
* moved username checking into the form for EditUserProfileForm instead of the
  view
* fixed :ticket:`576`
* Some small cleanups, removed unused imports
* Fixed name error in mv_baustelle
* Fixed resend activation link

Inyoka 0.0.7 release summary
============================

* Enable anonymous to view articles again

Inyoka 0.0.6 release summary
============================

* raise vs return... damn, there were times where errors were exceptions..

Inyoka 0.0.5 release summary
============================

* Fixed :ticket:`577`: Do not show empty version field as checkbox in
  usercp-settings
* Show list-styles in mobile template again, fixes :ticket:`549`
* Do not show confirm_action question on solve/unsolve, fixes :ticket:`582`
* Make question answer input fields a bit bigger, fixes :ticket:`581`
* Remove top pagination from subscription page, fixes :ticket:`579`
* Removed transition, fixed width of dropdown, fixes :ticket:`584`
* Show git tag in footer, fixes :ticket:`575`
* Added Lubuntu, http://forum.ubuntuusers.de/topic/lubuntu-im-drop-down-menue/
* Fix anonymous comments in mobile view
* Fixed UnboundLocalError in ikhaya article edit

Inyoka 0.0.4 release summary


* Remove left padding from interwiki links, set this only on links with
  prefix-images
* Moved extra/test_settings to new tests module, easier to import now
* Added sqlite test settings file
* Changed mobile emblems to old monochrome ones because of readability.
* Removed everything from requirements.txt that is not required at all but
  optional (eases CI builds)
* Changed style of "advanced search" dropdown, fixes :ticket:`559`.
* New layout for mobile userprofile.
* Added "quote" button and moved "edit" button to post header.
* Added "quote" button and moved "edit" button to post header.
* Show edit button in mobile. Fixes :ticket:`558`.
* Check for permissions in view instead of template.
* Only show "reported" emblem if user can moderate.
* Colorized mobile forum emblems and added border for better visibility.
* Extended mobile emblems.
* Optimized size of mobile emblems.
* Emblems for mobile forum (solved, locked, reported, sticky).
* Replaced forum.views by Forum.objects.get_cached(). Fixes :ticket:`578`.
* Replaced "not user.is_banned" by "user.is_active"
* Typofix.
* Updated deploy, implemented rollback to properly work with git tags

Inyoka 0.0.3 release summary
============================

* Fixed retrieving of ubuntu version number

Inyoka 0.0.2 release summary
============================

* Fixed fabfile deploy
* properly order topics in forum views
* Updated fabfile to new git infrastructure.

Inyoka 0.0.1 release summary
============================

* More validation on forum splittopic view
* Validate a page name before hitting the cache
* Fixed mercurial 1.9 compatibility if a repository could not be read properly
* A bit more sensible make_testdata defaults
* Removed more unused files
* Added .gitignore
* Removed unused gunicorn_conf.py
* Initial commit
